# Performance-Analysis-of-Pedietric-Appendicitis-Prediction-Using-Machine-learning
In this analysis, we observed the performance by applying different machine learning algorithms.
Acute appendicitis is among the most frequent abdominal surgery emergencies. About 7% of people are at risk of developing acute appendicitis, and about 16.5% of appendices become prone to infection, perforate, or otherwise manifest overt peritonitis. Even though perforation is typically referred to be a visible perforation in appendicitis or a free fecalith in the abdominal, surgeons are still inconsistent when discussing the severity of appendicitis. In this article, we examine the use of several imputation methods based on pediatric appendicitis systems to forecast the diagnosis, treatment, and complications in pediatric patients with probable appendicitis using a dataset composed of 430 children and adolescents from a tertiary care hospital. By using machine learning algorithms, (Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Extreme Gradient Boosting, and Gaussian Naïve Bayes) retrospective patient records were evaluated and compared with imputation methods (KNN, MICE, and Datawig). For the diagnosis, management, and severity of appendicitis, an XGB classifier applying full data and KNN imputation obtained the best score with an area under the receiver operating characteristic values of 0.99, 0.86, and 0.98, respectively. In this work, a design for managing individuals suffering from acute appendicitis based on ML methods is upgraded and improved. This approach is believed to be helpful for people who have appendicitis symptoms.
The data is collected from the admitted patients with abdominal pain and suspected appendicitis to the Department of Pediatric Surgery at the tertiary Children’s Hospital St. Hedwig in Regensburg, Germany. The patients’ age range was 0 to 18 years old, and the data collection time was 3 years from January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2018. 
We did this work for study purposes. 
The following paper link is - https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fped.2021.662183/full?ref=https://githubhelp.com
